[core][rdt] Reuse previous metadata if transferring the same tensor list with nixl (#58263)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-core/direct-transport.rst

   * Any unexpected system bugs

> Due to a known issue, for NIXL, we currently do not support transferring different GPU objects that contain tensors sharing the same memory space when those tensors are only partially identical. To support this pattern, ensure that the first object is freed before storing the same tensor again in a second object.

Author: done

> Due to a known issue, for NIXL, we currently do not support transferring different GPU objects that contain tensors sharing the same memory space when those objects are only partially identical. To support this pattern, ensure that the first object is freed before storing the same tensor again in a second object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to a known issue, for NIXL, we currently do not support storing different GPU objects at the same actor, where the objects contain an overlapping but not equal set of tensors. To support this pattern, ensure that the first `ObjectRef` has gone out of scope before storing the same tensor(s) again in a second object.
```
